As a user of the system I want to be able to see each store's offering and the amount of product in stock by square feet. For this requirement I attached the user class to employee which are considered user too and it connects with the product class which evetually through datatbase connects with the store class which provides the information about the product in the store like productAmount(int) and productName(String[]).
The application must allow employees to add new products to the system. As well as delete and edit them. For this part I connected the empolyee class to product to give the employee class a ability to use operation like addProduct(Product), delectProduct(Product), and editProduct(Product) through which employee can make changes to product.
The different categories of floors available are tile, stone, wood, laminate and vinyl. To fulfil this requirement I created a class called category which have all types of floors mentioned in the requirement.
The application must contain a database (DB) of floors. For this requirement I connected the product database to store becasue the product class contains all the informatio of floors like size, color, price etc and provide that to store.
Users must be able to search for products by picking from a hierarchical list, where the first level is the floor category, and the second level is the floor type. For this I created the category class and connected with the class called type because as the requirement requires, it will pick the floor category first and then select its type.
Users must also be able to specify an item by typing its name (search functionality). This requirement I fulfiled by the store class as I assigned the store class with operation like searchProduct() and searchName(String).
All floors regardless of their category have an associated color, size, brand, type and price. For this requirement we have the product which gives the color, size, brand, type, and price without getting associating with the category class.
Categories tile and stone have different materials they are made of, e.g. Tile - porcelain, ceramic, resin; Stone - marble, pebble, slate. I didn't made any additional class for this requirement becasue i Will use the product class for this and then made the difference using the category which contains all the materail like tile, stone etc.
Wood floors have both a type (solid, engineered, bamboo, etc) and species (oak, hickory, maple, etc.) For this requirement the type class is connecyed with the category and after selecting the wood it will select the type and same thing for the species, category choose the wood and the class species differenciate the species like oak, hickory, maple, etc.
Laminate can be regular laminate or water resistant, whereas vinyl can be water resistant or waterproof. All these equirement goes to category and select laminate or vinyl and type deciedes the regular or water resisrant.
The User Interface (UI) must be intuitive and responsive. Since the UML diagram does not model for UI/UX elements this has not been specified in the diagram.
